Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|GEORGE|Well I am actually going to have a secretary and I get to do the interview.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|That's incredible. Six months ago you were taking messages for your mother.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|GEORGE|Yeah, and now someone's going to be taking messages for me.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|From your mother.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|action|George & Jerry turn and move closer to the counter as a few customers leave the store.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|So this ah, woman you plan on hiring, is she going to be in the “Spokes model” category?
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|GEORGE|Sure. I could go the tomato route. But eh, I've given this a lot of thought Jerry. All that frustration. I’ll never get any work done. So I’m doing a complete 360. I’m going for total efficiency and ability.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|That's a 180, George.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|GEORGE|Whatever.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|action|Jerry turns and walks up to the counter. George wonders about the lobby area
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|Hi Willie.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|WILLIE|Hey Jerry.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|I got this stuff and ah my mother's fur coat for storage.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|WILLIE|What are you doing with it?
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|Ah, she keeps it in my apartment for when she comes up from Florida.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|DONNA|Hi.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|Hi.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|WILLIE|Hey Jerry, you know my wife “Donna”.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|Yeah, that's why I said “hi”.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|action|Donna smiles and walks away
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|WILLIE|Hey, nice jacket. (looking over the jacket)
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|Thanks. It's Hounds-Tooth.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|WILLIE|Whoa, this is a beauty. Great cut. It's probably very flattering.
Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.|JERRY|Oh yes, it really accentuates my bust line.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.|APPLICANT|Well, I type about 90 words a minute. I’m completely well-versed in all IBM and Macintosh programs.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.|GEORGE|(looking over her resume) Well Miss Coggins you're ah, obviously qualified for the job. You've all the necessary skills and experience. But you're extremely attractive. you're gorgeous. I’m looking at you, I can't even remember my name. So ah, I’m afraid this is not going to work out (he crumples her resume into a ball) Thanks for coming in.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.|action|the camera is now back on the applicant's seat, but another even more attractive woman is seated there
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.|GEORGE|You're luscious. You're ravishing. I would give up red meat just to get a glimpse of you in a bra. I’m terribly sorry. (both George and the attractive female applicant stand up as George reaches across the desk and shakes her hand for coming in)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.|action|A very plain looking applicant now sits across from george
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.|ADE|As you can see my references are impeccable. I think I’d be a real asset here. My only concern is, I do take care of my mother. So will there be any late nights?
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.|GEORGE|I can't imagine.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Ok, So Barney’s is having this huge sale. I try this dress on -- (holds the garment bag out towards Jerry) -- Stunning. Stunning. I couldn't take my eyes off myself.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|Yeah.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|OK, so then I put it on at home. It looks like I’m carrying twins.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|So you're saying, Store -- Hotsy-Totsy, Home-- Hotsy-Notsy.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Yeah exactly. Anyway I've got to go over there and return it.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|I thought we were going to the movies?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|All right I’ll try it on again. You tell me what you think. (she turns and goes into the bedroom to change clothes)
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|action|George Enters
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|Hey hey.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Hey George
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|Hey Elaine. (George hangs up his raincoat next to the door) I’m telling you Jerry, having a secretary is incredible. (George claps hands) I don't know why I didn’t have one before.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|Because you didn’t have a job?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|Perhaps. (hehe) I walk in, everything is organized -- messages, appointments. And I can't tell you how proud I am of myself for going with Ade.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|A lesser man would have crumbled. They would have gone for the “dish” and the sure fire sexual-harassment suit.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|action|Elaine walks back into the living room, modeling the dress, arms extended straight out from her sides, elbows bent, with the look on her face that says, huh ... what do you think? -- She walks towards George and Jerry
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|It's a little ...
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|All Right! (throws arms down) You answered it right there.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|You got no waist in that thing.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|You arms look like something hanging in a kosher deli.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|I said, All Right.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|Well wha’d you buy it for?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Why did I buy it, because in the mirror, at Barney’s, I looked fabulous. This woman was just walking by said I looked like Demi (the "i" sounds like an "e") Moore in Indecent Proposal.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|How fast was she walking?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|action|Elaine heads for the bedroom to change out of the dress, turns and looks at Jerry
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|Demi (the "i" sounds like an "e")? I thought it was Demi?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|No. I think it's Demi. (the "i" sounds like an "e")
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|Really? I never heard of a semi (the "i" sounds like an "e") tractor-trailer. (Jerry nods in agreement)
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|action|Elaine walks back in, still in the dress
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Wait a minute (claps hands) Wait a minute. I know what's going on here. Skinny Mirrors! (she pushes George and Jerry in their respective chests, with her arms extended -- one arm for each of them -- they recoil with surprise)
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|What?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Skinny Mirrors! Barney’s has Skinny Mirrors, they make you look, like, 10 pounds lighter.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|Oh, you're crazy.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Am I? (hands on hips) Do you think I would have bought this dress if I looked like this at Barney’s?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|GEORGE|(to Jerry, as Jerry nods in agreement) You know I think she might have something there.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|action|Kramer enters, seeing Elaine -- his head and upper body lurches backwards
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|KRAMER|Whoa. What are you all dressed up for?
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Oh I’m returning this dress to Barney’s.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|KRAMER|Good idea.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|JERRY|Do it tomorrow. Well go to the movies.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Yeah yeah, ok.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|KRAMER|Hey look, if you're going there, maybe you could pick me up some of this super hydrating, it's a total-protection moisturizer with Uva.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Moisturizer? That's girls stuff.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|KRAMER|No no, look. I’ll tell you what -- they're having a sale right.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|yeah.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|KRAMER|I’ll meetcha down there, well have lunch.
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|ELAINE|Well we could ...
Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.|KRAMER|Well, we’ll get to know each other. We never get to spend any time together. Oh sure we have our little group here, but ... (he looks and gestures out towards George and Jerry, as Elaine walks back into the bedroom to change out of the dress -- Kramer scratches his head in sort of disbelief)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|GEORGE|And then assuming the strike is resolved, on April 14th, we, ah, play the Angels. So let’s clear a floor at the Anaheim Hotel.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|ADE|Anaheim Hotel. (George picks up a container of chinese food from the credenza) You may want to reconsider. I believe they only have room service until 10 P.M. and then it's only finger foods.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|GEORGE|Ade, you're a wonder. (he he -- george laughs)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|ADE|OK, now I projected some of those figures for you regarding the switch to Canola oil for the stadium popcorn and surprisingly it will only come to 1/2 a cent more per bag, so it is definitely doable.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|GEORGE|Ade, I have to tell you, I, I have never met anybody so ... efficient.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|ADE|Well thank you, I’m flattered.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|GEORGE|I mean you're just, you're just a marvel of organization.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|ADE|Well I’m just, hm, doing my job.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|GEORGE|It's like I’m thinking of something, and you're (snaps fingers) one step ahead of me.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|ADE|What can I say? I’m ... I’m good at what I do. (smiling and quietly laughing proudly)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|GEORGE|(coyly, he looks down and runs his finger along the top of the chair back in front of him) Do you, uh ... do you know what I’m ... thinking about now?
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|ADE|(thinking about the question, she stops writing) Yes, I think I do. (she turns her head slowly and looks directly at him)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|GEORGE|Is it, uh, doable?
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|ADE|It's definitely doable.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza’s office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.|action|Ade throws her note pad and pencil in to the air, along with her glasses. George grabs his glasses and takes them from his face and throws them on the couch as he and Ade embrace in a frantic kiss and slither down to the floor between the desk and the couch -- the camera cannot see them on the floor
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|JERRY|Well, that was the worst.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|ELAINE|I can’t believe they made the Wife the killer. (putting on gloves) Gimme a break.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|MAN|(waiting in line for tickets, he overhears Elaine) Hey, give us a break. We haven't seen it yet. Thanks a lot big mouth!
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|action|Kramer rushes up to Elaine and Jerry
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|KRAMER|You got a pen?
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|JERRY|Yeah, I think I do.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|KRAMER|And I need something to write on.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|JERRY|Well, all I got is my dry-cleaning stub.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|KRAMER|I gust met Uma Therman. She's giving me her telephone number. Uma Jerry, Uma.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|JERRY|Uma Therman? Really?
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|KRAMER|Yeah.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|ELAINE|How'd you manage that.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|KRAMER|Yeah well I don't have any time to talk now. (he rushes back into the theater)
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|JERRY|He's got the Kavorca. (looking towards the theater door, Jerry notices one of the movie goers) Hey, isn't that Willie, my dry-cleaner?
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|ELAINE|Where?
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|JERRY|He just went in. You know, I think he was wearing my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|ELAINE|What would he be doing wearing your jacket?
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|JERRY|It looked just like the jacket I brought in to be dry-cleaned. He complimented me on it.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|ELAINE|Are you sure?
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|action|Kramer walks up, smiling gleefully
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|KRAMER|I got it. Uma, Uma, Uma. (looking at the ticket)
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|ELAINE|You are amazing.
Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.|KRAMER|Yeah, all right. Taxi's on me. (he walks off camera)
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|ADE|Ah no no no no no. A better way to reach the bra would be to undo the jacket, then go around the back of the shirt.
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|GEORGE|Ade you are incredible
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|action|as he unbuttons her jacket, they fall to the floor again -- the camera cannot see them between the desk and the couch -- we see over George's desk, keyboard, manila folders and then we see Ade’s shoe in the air above the desk
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|ADE|Oh ...oh ...oh ... Here, I want to show you something. Hand me that pillow.
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|action|we see George's head and arm above the desk ridge, he grabs a pillow from the couch and hands it to Ade. Her arm pulls him back down to her on the ground
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|GEORGE|What? Oh, My God!
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|ADE|Mr. CO STAN ZA!
Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza’s office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.|GEORGE|Ade, ahh, ahh, ah ... I’m giving you a raise!
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|So you're having sex and then all of a sudden, you just blurt out “I’m giving you a raise.”
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|Yeah.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|Just a quick sidebar here -- are you in anyway authorized to give raises?
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|Not that I’m aware of, no.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|So you're so grateful to have sex, that you'll just shout out anything that comes into your head.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|I didn’t think ahead.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|Well maybe she'll just think it was bawdy talk.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|I didn’t say any other bawdy things.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|Maybe you could have sex with her again and then take it back.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|All right, you know you're not any help at all here. I don't know what even the point is of talking to you anymore.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|action|they stand up from their seats at the booth
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|All right, all right. I’m sorry.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|Yeah, well, I guess the only thing I can do is go into George Steinbrenner’s office and tell him he has to give her a raise.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|How long has she been there?
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|3 days.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|It's almost a week.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|action|Jerry picks up several items of clothing from the booth, in their dry-cleaning bags -- He is wearing his Hounds-Tooth jacket. George and Jerry walk over to the cash register to pay for lunch. At the register, Jerry reaches into his Hounds-Tooth jacket pocket, he pulls out a movie stub
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|Oh, My god.
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|GEORGE|What?
Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.|JERRY|It's a movie stub from the 9:30 show. George, I think Willie the dry-cleaner has been wearing my clothes.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|ELAINE|These mirrors are skinny mirrors. This is false ... reflecting. And I think, that the department of ... you know, whatever, would be very interested to know what's going on here.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|ELAINE|OK fine. (smiling) I did like that little Calvin Klein number right by the elevator. You know the little ... (motions in the direction of the elevator)
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|ELAINE|Ok thanks so much. (the Barney’s sales associate turns and walks away. Elaine turns to Kramer as he admires himself in the mirror) What are you all dressed up for?
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Well Elaine, when you're shopping on Madison Avenue, you don't want to skip on the, swank.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|ELAINE|I like your little bag.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Huh, oh hey, look at this. (he pulls a little tube out of the bag) It's the super hydrating, triple-action moisturizer, hmm.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|ELAINE|Huh.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|action|Kramer opens the moisturizer and squeezes some onto his palm
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Wait till that Uma smells this Uva.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|action|Elaine walks away into the dressing from area. Kenny Bania enters the clothing dept.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|Hey Kramer.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Hey Bania, what's happening? (Kramer, looking into the mirror, is putting moisturizer under his eyes)
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|I’m looking for a new suit. I can’t find anything I like. That's a nice suit. (admiring Kramer’s suit)
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Well, thank you.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|Did you get that here?
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|No, this is vintage. They don't make this stuff anymore.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|You're telling me.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|I sure am.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|It's hard for me to find pants that --
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|(interrupting Bania) That don't make you look high-waisted.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|Yes
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Me too.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|What size are you?
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Uh, 42.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|42, That's what I am now. I've been working out, I’m huge. How'd you like to sell it?
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|make me an offer.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|100 Bucks
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Surely you jest. (walks away from Bania)
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|175
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Look at the stitching (takes the jacket off to show Bania) This is old world craftsmanship.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|300 dollars.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Sold. Follow me into the dressing room.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|You throw the shirt in?
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|Bania, you're killing me.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|BANIA|Hey that's the women's dressing room.
Exterior shot of Barney’s department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney’s sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.|KRAMER|There's nothing in there that I haven't seen before.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|GEORGE|(Opens the door, looks in and then knocks 5 times) Mr. Steinbrenner, (waves) can I talk to you for a second?
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|STEINBRENNER|Yes yes George. Can you talk to me for a second? Of course you can -- I’m a very accessible man. I just wanted to say you're doing great work on that Canola oil stuff.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|GEORGE|Well, you know, to be honest sir -- my, my new secretary Ade, came up with that one.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|STEINBRENNER|Ade, Ade, I like that name George.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|GEORGE|She supports her whole family. (walking slowly into the room)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|STEINBRENNER|Is that a fact George?
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|GEORGE|Yes, In fact, her mother is in the hospital right now. It's some kind of a Diverticulitis. (he continues walking slowly towards Steinbrenner’s desk)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|STEINBRENNER|I had a bout of that myself one time -- knocked me right on my ass.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|GEORGE|She can’t even afford to go out to lunch. She's been eating in a high school cafeterias She pretends to be a teacher. It's pathetic.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|STEINBRENNER|What's that cost her, like, two and a quarter? ($2.25)
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|GEORGE|You know what I was just thinking -- she could really use a raise.
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|action|Telephone rings -- Steinbrenner reaches for the receiver
Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.|STEINBRENNER|You know, she'd be better off making a sandwich at home and bringing it in. (picks up the telephone hand set) Hello, ah, George will you excuse me.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|KRAMER|Psst. Hey.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|action|Elaine is startled and tries to cover her top, which is mostly covered from the dress she is putting on
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|ELAINE|Kramer, what are you doing here?
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|KRAMER|Listen, I need you to get me some clothes.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|ELAINE|What?
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|KRAMER|Yeah, I just sold my suit to Bania for a cool three-hundred.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|ELAINE|So go buy a new one.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|KRAMER|What, at this place? It would destroy my whole profit margin.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|ELAINE|So.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|KRAMER|Listen do me a favor -- just call Jerry, tell him to bring me some clothes.
Daylight exterior shot of Barney’s department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's’ dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.|ELAINE|Ouhhh (Kramer disappears back behind his wall as Elaine opens the dressing room door)
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Hello, Willie.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Hey, Jerry. You dropping off?
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|No, but ah, seen any good movies lately?
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|You came by to ask that?
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Yeah. Specifically 9:30 shows. Seen any good 9:30 shows at the Paragon, Willie?
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|What are you gettin at?
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|I saw you the other night stepping out with my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Jerry that's a breach of the dry-cleaner’s code.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|You need a code to tell you not to wear peoples’ clothes
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|I wasn't wearing your jacket. Jerry you're imagining things. (he makes the circular motion next to his ears - the international symbol for “insane”)
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Yeahhh, am I imagining this? (he whips out the movie stub and holds it up to Willie) Found this little cutie in the pocket. (throws the stub on the counter)
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Jerry.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Yeah, Yeah. Well, now that we understand each other -- I’ll be taking my business elsewhere. And I want my mother's fur coat back too.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Jerry, come on.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Now.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Now? (Willie looks off with his eyes to his left -- he is thinking about his wife Donna)
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|action|Shot of Donna wearing the fur coat, standing at a hot dog stand, eating a hot dog
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Yeah. I want that coat. (Jerry opens his wallet, looking for the dry-cleaning ticket)
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Well ... ahh. (apprehensively)
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Where's that ticket? Oh, Kramer.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Wait, you, you mean to tell me you don't have a ticket for the coat?
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|No, not on me.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Well, I, I need to see that ticket.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|Why? I've got my cleaning before without a ticket.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|WILLIE|Yeah, but this is different. Those fur storage warehouses are huge. You can’t, get anything without a number.
Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.|JERRY|All right, I’ll be back.
Elaine inside Barney’s, she stands in front of a full length mirror. The sales associate behind her, giving advice on the dress.|ELAINE|Yeah it looks good here, but what does that mean?
Elaine inside Barney’s, she stands in front of a full length mirror. The sales associate behind her, giving advice on the dress.|ELAINE|I don't know, I have to think about it. (the sales associate walks away) I need a nonpartisan mirror.
Elaine inside Barney’s, she stands in front of a full length mirror. The sales associate behind her, giving advice on the dress.|action|Elaine looks around, like she is trying not to be noticed and walks out of the clothing dept.
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|ADE|I can’t thank you enough, Mr. Costanza. I’m so grateful
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|GEORGE|Yes, well, I sat down with Mr. Steinbrenner. I told him you have been doing great work. I said that you deserved a raise, and if you didn’t get it, that I, was leaving. (motions with both arms in a circular motion to his right)
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|ADE|It was just so generous.
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|GEORGE|Oh, well, don't worry about it -- he's got plenty of money. (spins his chair away from her)
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|ADE|Oh I know, but Twenty Five Thousand.
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|GEORGE|(spins his chair back to face her) So you got a $25,000 a year raise.
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|ADE|Yes, I tell you, Mr. Steinbrenner...
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|GEORGE|You're making more than I am.
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|ADE|I am?
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|GEORGE|What are you doing? You're making more than I am. A secretary cannot make more than her boss.
Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza’s office.|ADE|Well apparently they can.
Elaine, in the Calvin Klein dress, is walking outside along the sidewalk, snow along the curb and store fronts -- It's obvious she is cold without a coat. She checks out her reflection in a florist's window, then stops at the Love, Health & Beauty Aids store, where the reflection is more like a mirror in the alcove of the store.|ELAINE|Oh, this is insanity. I’m not this hippie. (meaning her hips are not that large)
Elaine, in the Calvin Klein dress, is walking outside along the sidewalk, snow along the curb and store fronts -- It's obvious she is cold without a coat. She checks out her reflection in a florist's window, then stops at the Love, Health & Beauty Aids store, where the reflection is more like a mirror in the alcove of the store.|action|a man exits the store
Elaine, in the Calvin Klein dress, is walking outside along the sidewalk, snow along the curb and store fronts -- It's obvious she is cold without a coat. She checks out her reflection in a florist's window, then stops at the Love, Health & Beauty Aids store, where the reflection is more like a mirror in the alcove of the store.|ELAINE|Hey, what do you think of this?
Elaine, in the Calvin Klein dress, is walking outside along the sidewalk, snow along the curb and store fronts -- It's obvious she is cold without a coat. She checks out her reflection in a florist's window, then stops at the Love, Health & Beauty Aids store, where the reflection is more like a mirror in the alcove of the store.|MAN|(with disbelief): You'll never pull it off.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|Jerry enters the women's clothing dept.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|(to the Barney’s sales associate) Excuse me, could you tell me where I could find, like, women's moisturizer lotions?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|Female customer walks up to the Barney’s sales associate that Jerry was just talking to
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|The Barney’s sales associate walks into the dressing room area and up to the dressing room door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|[Yeah] (through the door)
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|Jerry hears Kramer and walks into the dressing room door
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Kramer?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Oh, Jerry, you got my clothes?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|What clothes?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Didn’t Elaine call you?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|No.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Well what are you doing here?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|What am I doing here? You're in the women's dressing room. I need that ticket stub back so I can get my mother's fur coat out.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Oh, the stub, yeah. I left it in my, my pants
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Where are your pants?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Well, I sold them to Bania.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|What? You sold your pants to Bania. Let me in.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|Kramer opens the door, Jerry goes in the dressing room. Kramer is standing there in his white boxer shorts and no shirt
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Why'd you sell your pants to Bania?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|ouhhh -- I had Uma Therman’s number written on that stub. I lost Uma’s number.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Where are your clothes?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|I told you I sold them to Bania.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|You mean what you were wearing?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Yeah.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|How'd you expect to get out of here?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Well, I didn’t think ahead.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|Elaine reenters the Barney’s clothing dept., rubbing her arms because he is cold. The sales associate is also coming back from the dressing rooms. Elaine sees her, and quickly stands next to the register counter and tries to act like she has been there for a while.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|ELAINE|This isn't going to work for me ... so if you could show me something else.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|ELAINE|No?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|ELAINE|I am?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|ELAINE|Ha! That's preposterous.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|Elaine looks down and gathers the dress at the salt stain
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|ELAINE|No. You can wrap it. (Dejected. Elaine puts her head down and her hand to her forehead as she walks into the dressing room area) Kramer, are you still in there?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|[Elaine]
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|ELAINE|Jerry?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|action|Bania enters the dressing room area
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Elaine, where's Kramer?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Bania?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Kramer.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|I’m going out. (he comes out of the dressing room, while Kramer remains inside)
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Jerry.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Bania.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Kramer, I want my money back for this suit. You're nancy-boy cream leaked all over the pockets -- Suits ruined.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Well you're not getting any money back. (Kramer opens the door) Jerry, come back in here.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|(to Bania) Excuse me. (he goes back in the dressing room)
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|Uma’s number is on that ticket.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Never mind Uma, I need that ticket to get my mother's fur coat back. Why don't you just give him the money for the suit?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|I’m not going to give him $300 now for a suit with moisturizer cream all over it.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|I got an idea.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|KRAMER|What?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|I can’t believe I’m gonna do this. (Jerry opens the door and exits the dressing room. He walks over to Bania)
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Bania can I talk to you for a second? How's everything going?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Pretty good.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Yeah, well, see the thing of it is, I’m in a bit of an awkward position here. Because, uhh, I don't want to get in between you two guys but ... I need a dry-cleaning ticket that's in the pocket of those pants.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Well all you gotta do is tell Kramer to give me my money back, and you'll get your ticket.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Yeah, yeah all right, well uh ... tell you what I will do Bania -- you give me the ticket, and uh, I will take you out for a nice dinner.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Can we go back to Mendy’s?
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|You want to go to Mendy’s, I’ll take you to Mendy’s.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Twice? I wanna go twice.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|all right let’s be reasonable, Bania. I’m taking you out for a nice dinner. All I want is a little ticket in that pocket. I think it's a pretty good deal.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Two Mendy’s.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|. . . All right (gritting teeth) Just give me the ticket.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|BANIA|Here you go.
Barney’s Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.|JERRY|Ohh ... (takes the ticket and heads for the dressing room)
Exterior of yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. George Costanza stands pleading his case.|GEORGE|But Mr. Steinbrenner, how can I be expected to perform my job properly, knowing that my uh, subordinate is making more money than I am? With all due respect sir, it's outta whack.
Exterior of yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. George Costanza stands pleading his case.|STEINBRENNER|Uh huh, I understand what you're saying George and I know what it's like to be financially strapped. When I was a young man in Cleveland I use to hitchhike to work. One time I got picked up by a bakery truck. You think that stuff smells good? Try being cooped up in the back of one of those babies.
Exterior of yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. George Costanza stands pleading his case.|action|George starts to back away from the desk
Exterior of yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. George Costanza stands pleading his case.|STEINBRENNER|I couldn't look at a donut for the next two years. Well not that I was ever one for the sweets.
Exterior of yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. George Costanza stands pleading his case.|action|George turning around, nodding and making hand gestures, walking slowly towards the door, his hand gestures get progressively wider eventually to full arms extended upwards
Exterior of yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner’s office. George Costanza stands pleading his case.|STEINBRENNER|Sure I like a cup cake every now and then, like everybody else. You know I like it when they have a little cream on the inside, it's a surprise. That's good, plus the chocolate ones are good too. Sometimes I just can’t even make up my mind. A lot of times I’ll mix the two together, make a vanilla fudge.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|Let me in, it's me. (Kramer opens the door, Jerry goes in the dressing room) Here. You don't know what this is costing me. (hands Kramer the ticket)
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|KRAMER|(closes the door) All right, nice work. (he looks at the ticket, flips it over, and then over again) Where's Uma’s number? The moisturizer smudged out the phone number.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|(Takes the ticket back and looks at it, flips it over) The dry-cleaning numbers are gone too.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|KRAMER|(grabs the ticket back and holds it up to the light) It must have been the botanical extracts.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|(grabs the ticket back) Give me that.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|action|Jerry Opens the door and walks into the clothing dept., while Bania is walking towards the exit of the clothing dept.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|Hey Bania, the dinners off. The ticket's no good. The numbers are all smudged out. (holds out the ticket and hands it to Bania)
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|BANIA|(looking at the ticket then quickly looks up at Jerry) You trying to get out of Mendy’s? you can’t do that.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|The ticket is worthless.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|BANIA|You promised me.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|action|Jerry makes a smudged up face -- he knows he cannot get out of the deal. Bania turns and walks quickly out of the clothing department. Jerry sees a woman from the back walking into the dressing room area. She has a fur coat on and is carrying a few items over her arm to try on
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|Hey, Isn't that my mother's fur coat?
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|action|Elaine stands at the register counter, now she wears her own clothes. The Calvin Klein dress rests across the counter -- she watches as Jerry follows the woman into the dressing room area. Jerry stands in front of the door where she went into, listens for a half second and then pushes the door open, as she has not had an opportunity to latch it yet -- It is Donna, the dry-cleaners wife -- she is stunned, startled and taken aback ...
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|DONNA|No it's not. (the coat)
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|It is! (Jerry walks forcefully into the dressing room and closes the door) Give me that back.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|DONNA|No, what are you talking about.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|action|The camera pans down to the bottom of the dressing room door, so all you see is Jerry and Donna's scuffling feet and lower legs, as Jerry takes the coat from her.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|DONNA|Are you out of your mind? Don't you ... take your hands ...
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|You can’t have that coat, it's not yours.
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|action|Donna opens the door -- the camera pans back up to eye level as she walks out, kind of indignant. She places her long purse strap over her Left shoulder
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|JERRY|What do you think the dry-cleaner’s is your own personal closet!
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|action|Donna walks over to where Elaine is still standing at the register counter
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|ELAINE|Donna, do you think you can get the salt stain out of this?
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|action|Holding the bottom of the Calvin Klein dress out
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|DONNA|Let me see. (Looking at the stain) Piece of cake. Bring it
Jerry stands outside the Barney’s dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.|ELAINE|(Tilts her head down, looking over her glasses in amazement of
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|BANIA|Mmm. This soup is great.
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|JERRY|Yeah, it's very good. (reluctantly)
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|BANIA|I told you Mendy’s had the best pea soup. The best Jerry, the best. Are you enjoying it?
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|JERRY|Yeah. I’m having a wonderful time. (it's obvious he isn't)
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|BANIA|Wait till you try the swordfish. You know Jerry, I was thinking. For our next meal, do you think we should come here ... or should we go someplace else? You know it has it's pros and cons. On the one hand, here, you're guaranteed a great meal. On the other hand --
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|JERRY|(Interrupting Bania) Yeah, yeah I know. This would be good, but it would be the same. But if we go some place else, it would be different, but it might not be as good. It's a gamble. I get it.
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|BANIA|Yeah. Well, let’s hurry up and eat I gotta get out of here. I’m meeting a woman for a drink.
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|JERRY|Oh, and who might that be?
The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy’s Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.|BANIA|Some woman named Uma. I got her number off of that ticket before it was smudged. Hope she's good-looking. (crosses his fingers in the air)
Closing Monologue|JERRY|If you are a waitress and you ever see me in a restaurant, I’m telling you right now, I don't want to hear about the specials. I don't want to know about the specials. I’m sick of the specials. I hate the specials. My feeling is, if the specials were so special, they'd be on the menu. You know what's special about them? They don't know if anybody likes them. They always have these overly creative descriptions of the specials too, you know. The veil is lightly slapped, and then sequestered in a one-bedroom suite with a white wine intravenous.
